joining us today's episode is going to
be on a topic called beats I'm a Guinea
that the famous mag Anita it was
actually the flavor combination was
created by the Queen Margherita
margarita that like the color
combination and obviously the flavor and
all the ingredients our pizza base we
have a pizza base recipe video if you
want to do as well you can have one
already mate or make your own whatever
it is but we have my site baguettes
you can have passata is just peeled
tomatoes passed through and machine to
actually make and make them into like a
a puree or you can pull tomatoes and the
tin and use a stick blender to actually
make them into a your a type of very
runny sauce and also you can cook it if
you like
personally I don't I like to have it a
little bit on the pizza and cook it in
there because the flavor is lighter and
also the texture and the intensity of it
is a lot lighter and more delicate and I
find it better to digest that way
otherwise it's cooked and then it's
cooked again in the oven and I don't
really enjoy that upper food the other
way I just have it straight out of the
jar or the tin whatever the case may be
and we've also got more Kanchana
I'm gonna have in addition to the tomato
puree or the Posada is actually fresh
tomatoes cut in slices I'll show you
somebody ganache some salt over the top
of that and always some fresh basil and
this is the typical combination are they
imagine it now and we'll do that right
away
we'll just take out the center just in
some nice thin slices cut the bocconcini
as well and some slices
put this down first almost first just
put that over the top nicely nice oh
maybe not too close to the edge first
tomato on that because I love it
a bit of salt on the tomorrow itself
then won't it be let's say you're gonna
get some of this beautiful pizza a
cheese it is what Conchita is about
continue cheese that alone and now we're
gonna put a little bit of salt out of
that as well a little bit of what Egon
all this gives a little bit of sweetness
and some fresh basil you can grab some
olive oil and the good thing about this
is we're gonna put some now and we're
also gonna add some fresh basil just
after we pull it out of the oven because
that will give it a bit more fragrance
as well because the basil might be
cooked it'll be more vibrant as a basil
intensity because it just goes
beautifully with that we got plenty of
Bethel there Thank You Jess if you want
to run that on me just run it all I ever
thought of that you got the touch
perfect wonderful thank you so much and
we'll put that in a preheated oven and
it will be done in about 15-20 minutes
throw some fresh basil on there and this
is one of those pizzas will all the
Italian pizzas we don't put too much
topping on them you know because we
really maximize the flavor just from the
small amount of ingredients because in
life you don't have to have a lot of
everything you know to really appreciate
what is that particular thing at that
moment in time so it's about
appreciating and maximizing the
intensity of each and every individual
thing that we can do with life so this
is the margarita we're just about to cut
this up and how we're going to do that
is with some scissors that's the best
way bluefin down at the pizza cutter and
we'll do that right now and we'll serve
it up joseph is right here to enjoy the
taste as well
laughs it's gonna be really really hot
so let that cool down a bit
well and it's so sweet
this is drop-dead gorgeous
la margarita pizza margherita with
eternity class welcome to the stage